Doing doing that, doing the edibles.
I remember Alex Jones being there once and Diaz's giving him a cookie and he
goes, that's right. He goes, Hey, this cookie Vegas. Yeah. And Alex Jones,
like what's in the cookie and Diaz' goes, eat the cookie. Like,
like what kinda of stupid question is that, you know, what's.
In there's right. We went to eat with him afterwards. He was barbecued. He was,
he was so much more reasonable back then. He, I never a.
Different guy.
I never understood how they made him from crazy conspiracy theorists
to arthritis. I didn't get the connection there.
Well,
that connection happened when he became United with like Alex Jones became
United with Donald Trump, right? Like, cuz he was a big part of Donald Trump in,
in the campaign days. In what way Donald Trump would call in,
he would call into Infowars. Right.
And he knew that Alex Jones had a big base and Alex Jones would help him get
elected. Donald, you know,
Donald Trump is very clever in who he aligns himself with.
Like when you see him standing there listening to Kanye west where Kanye west is
ranting and saying all this crazy skitzo nonsense and he is like this.
Hmm. That's a smart cookie. Mm-hmm like, he's very smart in when he calls.
And when he doesn't call, you know what choose I' to call. Yeah.
It's like imagine if Kanye west was debating him and they were doing a
presidential debate and Kanye was talking like that, he'd be like,
what the is this guy saying exactly.
Like you think you're giving up for me so I'll let you talk. Yeah.
He's know.
I just don't get how Alex Jones went to that though. Super popular besides that.
So that's what it was. Cause he would have him on a bunch.
Well, you know, also Al AltRight wasn't a thing back then. Yeah.
You gotta realize when, when Alex came with us to, to the fights,
there was no AltRight but he was.
More like lizard people. Yeah. Or like, or like,
oh it's a government conspiracy. Yeah. He was all about don't get a on nine 11.
It's like, yeah. He was all about.
Certain conspiracies.
I remember we were in Austin once when there was a shooting at a, at a,
a army base. We were there.
Right with him. Yeah.
When the thing he was finding out about whenhappened and we were at a bar.
Remember that? And he goes, I guarantee you, uh,
they're not taking that guy alive. I guarantee they won't let him talk.
And then an hour later, like they got him alive.
They shot him in the leg and they got him' alive. He goes, yeah,
of course they got him'em a alive because they want him to be a martyr for this
thing. And it's like, or whatever. I don't want him to be martyr. Right. Yeah.
And it's like, no matter what, he's just, I'm spinning this to conspiracy.
And then I, I just, that.
Business is a tricky business, man. I.
Don't how they said like, now you gotta be off the air now. It's like.
Well, that's where it's up it E lizard per.
Guy. Well.
It's not though,
because like people were concerned that you're giving out bad information.
Right? Yeah. And they're concerned about it. But then with Alex,
what came out was the Sandy hook thing. The Sandy hook denial thing was when,
again, conspiracy.
I don't get why that's why, but it was a conspiracy.
Involving children being murdered and their parents actors.
And that everyone was like some sort of a crisis actor.
And they were hired by the government to take away people's guns. This is,
this is the okay. Okay. Okay. The most radical version of.
Spirit. Right. I understand. And I understand that's that's wrong and crazy.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> where do you get from there to you?
Can't be allowed to say these CRA you've been saying these made up things
before, right? You're saying it's still, well, it's a, I,
I don't get why it's a hateonger.
You got a really good argument, but here's the argument.
The argument is what is Facebook? What is Twitter?
What is YouTube?
Are they private companies or are they gonna be Moster most certainly or even
more. So are they utilities? Is it like the electricity?
Is it like a phone?
Like what should you be allowed to tell someone that can't use it?
Like, I wonder if Jack said, Hey, I'm shutting down Twitter.
If the government's like, we're opening a back again.
Right? Or is it like NBC? Cuz if NBC is a private company and our,
or shapfi says, Hey, the lizard,
people are eating kids and that's that's that who run 60 minutes. Yeah.
And they say, no, no, no. Are you're fired. Look,
Roseanne made one bad ambient joke.
And they canceled her and they kicked her off of, uh, the, they were looking.
To get rid her for any other reason. Weren't it's they were, they weren't,
that's not true.
Why do you say that? The show was a huge hit.
Because of the outrage over the first season when she was like,
she supports Trump. Yeah. But I talked to Morgan.
About, it was a giant hit.
But they were looking to get rid of her. This whole group was already saying,
we want you out. We're looking for an excuse.
Kind of like when they got rid of you at the comedy store over filming,
when it was like, come on, they already wanted to get rid of you. Well,
and then they found an excuse to get it done.
Mm that's a tricky.
Argument because they wanted her out. So I think.
So bad. I don't think they wanted her out.
I think they wanted to minimize her the left. She was telling that's true.
But she was telling me how they were changing the way they were writing things.
And they weren'tncluding her in the process where she was very much included in
the process sister in the first season,
when they were writing for the second season, they were,
they were basically excluding her from the process of premises and the way they
were writing the show. I mean, I.
Read, I read all the outrage about early on. It's like you're a Trump supporter.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> and I read, I, I saw, uh, someone like Ray,
so some young female comedian going like when, when, when Silverman was like,
Hey, watch my friend show Roseanne. She's great, great show. And she goes, oh,
this is the. I gotta be fake with, at a party and kiss her on the cheek.
Pretend I'm cool with her. And it's like,
what is all this outrage over this protrump thing? And I finally I'm like,
let me go watch it. And my friend Jewish,
female leftist Morgan Murphy who wrote it. Um,
I talked to her later about it by, I finally watched it and it's,
there's 12 characters in the show.
10 of them don't talk about who they voted for at all.
One of them is pro-rump one of them' is anti-Trump there's also a little trans
kid on there and that's it just one pro-rump one anti-Trump.
And the outrage that I saw was almost like,
I don't think you guys could have possibly watched this episode. Mm.
I thinkre all reading headlines about stories.
And that's what I talked to Morgan about. I'm like,
it doesn't seem like it could have come from the actual facts. Yeah.
There's a lot of that going on. Right.
Yeah. And so I, I feel like it's the same thing with Alex Jones.
I'm getting hate monger. I'm like what? Alex Jones. Just crazy conspiracy.
Guy. Most of it. Yeah. Most of it where's hate monger. Well, yeah. Um.
Did you talk about taking away trans rights or like that no'.
There was some talk, there was some talk Alex Jones was saying in one of the,
one of the last final straws,
it was talking about out people taking up arms and that people are not gonna
stand it. And you know, it's, it's basically Rable roussing,
which is like a lot of what people do when they're,
they're talking about the other side, trying to take away your rights. Yeah.
Trying to take away your guns. We're not gonna stand for it. You know, you know,
and, and people are gonna get shot. You know, that kind of talk. I mean,
I don't know specifically what he said,
but there's a problem that you don't know specifically. Right.
There's a problem that they can just decide that you represent a certain faction
of thought. Yeah.
And that this should be eliminated from you should be de-platformed
instead like the.
Platform for a conspiracy guy. And they goes, people are going up to those,
those P parents is saying like your kid's not dead.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> and it's like, that's a real issue. Yeah. But it's like,
he's not calling for that. That's what they're doing on their own. Right. Um,
somebody shot two cops in New York because of the black lives matter movement.
Right. You don't shut down the black lives matter movement over that.
They weren't asking for them to shoot cops. Right.
Someone did that on their own. He was also in,
he wasn't asking for them to do that. Right? No, he wasn't. So like, so like a,
I don't see how you deepplatform.
The only great article I've read was by a trans woman who said,
when I hear crazy like that,
I feel like you're supposed to roll your eyes and then walk away.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> you don't say, Hey, you need to get gone.
Well, you know, deep platforming.
People, that's a good.
Way to put it. That that is what they're saying. And it, it is also,
it seemed like it was a universal deepplay at forming because Twitter was one of
the last places that kept him on mm-hmm <affirmative> and then they decided that
they were gonna remove him. But I didn't see anything specifically.
Yeah. I, yeah. Like they have some rules like that when they got, um,
who's a woman that was rose mcallwan and then she was claim talking about a rape
and people like, how dare you? She, she, she outed a rape. And then, and then,
uh, you deplatformed her from that. Or you took her down from that. Um,
and then that was the story. That was a headline. Everyone's like, how dare you,
Jack? Is that the guy from Twitter? Jack Dorsey. Yeah. Yeah. How dare you?
And then he actually responded, he goes, oh no, no. She docked somebody.
She gave somebody's information about where they live and stuff like that.
And that's we already had that rule. You can't do that.
Nothing to do with why she docked him. Well, let's let's is.
Just over that. Why don't you Google?
What exactly got Alex Jones kicked off Twitter? Cause he would,
Twitter was one of the last platforms and then they can say he hates speech
and hate speech is one of those weird, so broad.
Broad terms. It's like, well, I hate you. Yeah. Okay.
I mean, I, I, I, I really am like, I, I don't,
I think people are forgetting how the a C L U defended the Klan members mm-hmm
<affirmative> because the free speech is too big. A a, a, a,
a issue to worry about how I feel about what they're saying. Well, you know.
What's really interesting is that.
Leftle people,
the leftists are the ones that wanna censor and de-platform and silence people
on the right. It is. It's also both. I think we see the left more.
Cause we're in that bubble. Think the right is doing it too.
We just don't we're not friends with them. How are.
The white doing it? They have no,
no power in technology that the tech companies, whether it's Facebook, Google,
Twitter, they were all left. Yeah. And they're the ones who have the, I mean,
this is where it's weird. Right? It's cuz nobody saw this coming. It was media.
Like you had Fox news, you had NBC, you had,
you had your left and you had your right more left than right. Of sure.
But there was power in the Fox news, you know, faction. They had their voice.
But in the, in, when it comes to technology,
there's not really an equivalent or commit people.
Those mostly company people it's all left. Yeah. It's all left.
There's not one rightle large social media platform.
Right. They don't exist.
It should just stay out of it. But I, I get why that you,
you get a Reddit situation where it's like, okay, but it suddenly, it, it,
it devolveed into just child, a porn.
<Laugh> well, Reddit, the problem with Reddit is an anonymity.
When you give people anonymity and one guy actually lost his job because of it,
because somebody decided, Hey, this guy's such a creep piece of.
Let's find out who the he is. And they got his IP.
And then they figured out who he was.
And then he was like some guy who was a dad. Right.
He was like some regular guy with a job. And they got him. I heard. And like,
you know, like he had a bunch of weird, you know,
kid type posts and a bunch of that.
Just people, but some of it's just like,
it's almost like role playing exactly where it's, you're not serious. Exactly.
And it's all.
Said, it' Halman, as people are running outta the room yesterday,
or two days ago, he got a full room randomly <laugh> at the end of the night.
Yeah. He spent his first three minutes. Like, like, uh, yeah.
It's 20 many people. I don't know what to do.
I never get in front of these many people. Like he couldn't handle it.
And then he starts going,
they start leaving and he starts getting angry and more into his pocket,
you know, into where he is belongs. And then as people are leaving,
like he's talking about child and stuff like that. And uh, and um, he goes,
Hey guys, uh, peek behind the curtain. I didn't a baby.
<laugh> just so you know, there were no babies, so calm down.
Well, people don't want to hear about that subject. Right. And.
That's fair. Yeah. It, they.
Come to the common store.
It's gross to hear some wonderful jokes about people losing socks in the dryer.
Right.
So actually honestly, walking out is a fine response. Yeah.
Saying he can't go up in him more is not a fine response. It's.
A different response. Yeah. Yeah.
And saying you're gonna boycot the comedy store because they don't do your kind
of comedy. And if.
You want a boycot that's also okay.
But just trying to get other people to and all right.
But there's that this is a problem in that there's no
balance, right. If people are just right leaning and,
and people want de-platform them because they have rightle beliefs,
rightlean ideas. Like say if they support president Trump, I mean,
he is the president. Whether you like it, like, and.
It's like, you're allowed to vote it. You like it or not. Whether you.
Want,
whether you like it or not that guy's the president and whether you like his
policies or not, they are his policies. He's the president of the United States.
And if someone supports that deplatforming people who support him or support
that is not the right response,
the right response is a well worded argument against that. That is against that.
That is convincingly
articulate to the point where you, you make an argument that this is a,
a terrible policy, a terrible idea. And,
and an objective fence rider like myself, that watches that and reads,
it might go, okay, this guy's got a good point in the.
Left. I want to hear both sides,
but I need to hear that side in order to hear the alternative side,
like Dave Smith, who hates all politicians pretty much. Mm-hmm,
<affirmative> he,
he's pointing out these like separating their kids from their parents thing.
Yeah. And he's like, it's gotten real bad with Trump now. And he goes, okay,
that's true.
But look at the picture they're using on the bottom right hand corner.
There's a date stamp on it. And it's 2014.
Yeah. There's definitely a lot of shenanigans. So photographs.
Your anger is not even who you, so I, it can, can't even bring that. That's.
Just journalism. That's what that is. And, and online line journalism, there,
there look, journalism. No, but are fighting for their lives right now. They're.
Back. Their' state of journalism.
Is terrible. It's terrible. And it's also, there's no money in it. There's,
there's a problem is nobody wants to buy newspapers.
Nobody wants to buy magazines.
And it's really hard for online journalism to not resort, to click date anger.
Yeah. I mean, that's literally how they make their living now is click date.
And so, you know, they have a photo. This is with the stock photo.
We got a little kid who's crying and he's standing in front of a border patrol
guy, throw it up, use it is what we got. The story's real.
The photo's not it's it's journalism. And I.
Think it, it really comes down to like,
when you see like a nor McDonald where he's like, okay,
I haven't done anything to anybody wrong. Mm-hmm <affirmative> I just want,
wanna look at, with compassion on another human I'm like, these are PE,
these are friends of mine, the people I know, what.
Do you, what? Just be specific. What are you're saying about nor.
McDonald'? Well, he said like Roseanne and, and Louie, and like,
they've lost everything in a day and people don't really understand what it's
like. Right. And I would like to see these friends, human beings,
friends of mine come out with the way. And he goes, honestly,
I don't think Roseanne knew that lady was black. I,
I don't think she makes that comment. And, and then people go, you,
your CA your tonighttro appearance is canceled. Yeah. And it's like,
why didn't even do anything mean robertmcdonald,
didn't do anything instead of taking that opportunity to go, Hey,
let's hear himem out. Maybe you can clarify what you mean. Right. Um, even say,
no, I didn't mean it that way.
A de-platform they de-platform cuz these women are P people.
I don't really know who they were at the tonight show had their opportunity to
fall on their sword and they go, now we get to stand up for women's rights.
So we get to stand up for racial rights. Well, the way to stand up for,
instead of going, like, let let' have 'em on. Exactly.
Have 'em on and say have Jimmy Fallon go, what did you mean by that? Exactly.
And then to clarify his position to now show, oh, I'm on your side,
but people don't want that. They're more in,
they're more interested in punishment. Yes.